Jobs [Distributed Scheduler] API docs, pt.1 (#4164)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/support/support-preview-features.md

| **Transactional Outbox** | Allows state operations for inserts and updates to be published to a configured pub/sub topic using a single transaction across the state store and the pub/sub | N/A | [Transactional Outbox Feature]({{< ref howto-outbox.md >}}) | v1.12  |
| **Component Hot Reloading** | Allows for Dapr-loaded components to be "hot reloaded". A component spec is reloaded when it is created/updated/deleted in Kubernetes or on file when running in self-hosted mode. Ignores changes to actor state stores and workflow backends. | `HotReload`| [Hot Reloading]({{< ref components-concept.md >}}) | v1.13  |
| **Subscription Hot Reloading** | Allows for declarative subscriptions to be "hot reloaded". A subscription is reloaded either when it is created/updated/deleted in Kubernetes, or on file in self-hosted mode. In-flight messages are unaffected when reloading. | `HotReload`| [Hot Reloading]({{< ref "subscription-methods.md#declarative-subscriptions" >}}) | v1.14  |

> | **Jobs actor reminders** | Whilst the [Scheduler service]({{< ref "concepts/dapr-services/scheduler.md" >}}) is deployed by default, jobs reminders (used for scheduling actor reminders) are enabled through a preview feature and needs a feature flag. | `SchedulerReminders`| [Jobs reminders]({{< ref "jobs-overview.md#actor-reminders" >}}) | v1.14  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Job actor reminders** | Whilst the [Scheduler service]({{< ref "concepts/dapr-services/scheduler.md" >}}) is deployed by default, job actor reminders (used for scheduling actor reminders) are enabled through a preview feature and needs a feature flag. | `SchedulerReminders`| [Job actor reminders]({{< ref "jobs-overview.md#actor-reminders" >}}) | v1.14  |
```

> | **Scheduler reminders** | While [Scheduler]({{< ref "concepts/dapr-services/scheduler.md" >}}) is deployed by default, scheduler reminders (used for scheduling actor reminders) are enabled through a preview feature and needs a feature flag. | `SchedulerReminders`| [Scheduler reminders]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md#scheduler-reminders" >}}) | v1.14  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Scheduler actor reminders** | Whilst the [Scheduler service]({{< ref "concepts/dapr-services/scheduler.md" >}}) is deployed by default, scheduler reminders (used for scheduling actor reminders) are enabled through a preview feature and needs a feature flag. | `SchedulerReminders`| [Scheduler reminders]({{< ref "scheduler-overview.md#scheduler-reminders" >}}) | v1.14  |
```
